W-23025071: Correct Anypoint Monitoring protocol to HTTPS (not Lumber… (#1712)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/use-anypoint-monitoring.adoc

=== Verify Network Connectivity

For metrics, logs, and traces to reach Anypoint Monitoring, each node in Runtime Fabric must be able to send outbound traffic to the control plane ingestion endpoint for your region.

For Runtime Fabric agent version 2.6.22 and later, the monitoring sidecar sends HTTPS traffic on TCP port 443 to these domains:

* US Cloud: `us1.ingest.mulesoft.com`
* EU Cloud: `eu1.ingest.mulesoft.com`
* Canada Cloud (port 8443, OTEL): `ingest.ca1.platform.mulesoft.com`
* Japan Cloud (port 8443, OTEL): `ingest.jp1.platform.mulesoft.com`
* India Cloud (port 8443, OTEL): `ingest.in1.platform.mulesoft.com`

[NOTE]
====

> For Runtime Fabric versions earlier than 2.6.22, the agent sends TCP (Lumberjack) traffic on port 443 to a different domain. After you upgrade to 2.6.22 or later and redeploy all applications, this domain is no longer used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Runtime Fabric versions earlier than 2.6.22, the agent sends TCP (Lumberjack) traffic on port 443 to a different domain. After you upgrade to 2.6.22 or later and redeploy all applications, these domains are no longer used:
```
